Minor README update (#273)
OctopusDeploy/OctopusDSC: README.md

## Development

> This project is setup to use [Vagrant](www.vagrant.io) to provide a dev/test environment. Once you've installed Vagrant, you can use the build scripts to spin up a local virtual machine and run the test scenarios (**NOTE:** The first time you run `vagrant up` in Virtualbox or Hyper-V it has to download the `octopusdeploy/dsc-test-server` box and this can take some time depending on your Internet speed, so be patient and go grab a coffee while it downloads).

Reviewer: vagrant.io redirects to vagrantup.com for me
```suggestion
This project is setup to use [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) to provide a dev/test environment. Once you've installed Vagrant, you can use the build scripts to spin up a local virtual machine and run the test scenarios (**NOTE:** The first time you run `vagrant up` in Virtualbox or Hyper-V it has to download the `octopusdeploy/dsc-test-server` box and this can take some time depending on your Internet speed, so be patient and go grab a coffee while it downloads).
```
